Hello and welcome back to the course in
R programming. In this section we're
talking about advanced visualization. Now
we've already touched on visualization
here and there we've talk about the matplot
function when we were working with
matrices and we've talked about the
Q plot function. Now in this section we
will be learning about the GGplot
function and the GGplot function is the main
function in the GGplot 2 package. It
allows you for a lot of flexibility and a
lot of control when you're working with
your charts and graphs. As you'll see, will
create some very interesting, very
powerful visualization and you'll learn a lot
about this function. Now a word of notice
is that we opted out of working with the
base package right away or the base
visualization function and that is because
personally I find that the GGplot 2
package provides so much more
flexibility and so many more options
when working with visualizations that you
will never even want to go back to the
base package so I decided that it's
there's not much point in wasting time
on learning something that we're not
going to be using in the long run and
also you should know that there are
other packages in R that help you and
allow you to visualize your data but
personally I prefer GGplot2 so we'll
stick to that one in this section of the
course and I look forward to seeing you
on the first tutorial. Let's dive
straight into it.